README.md, before:

# Changes
- Added Equalizer (cred to Rohsa)
- Added Uploads
- Added Targets
- Added Website link on graph (cred to MRS)
- Re-themed graph window
- Re-done Frequency Range definitions
- Changed parser to universal parser
- Removed Restricted mode (cuz I want to keep it free)
- Reorganised code
- Moved targets to a different folder for organization
- Moved phone_book outside for easier access
- Added a function to average all active graphs (requested by listener)
- Custom Diffuse Field Tilt (requested by listener)
- Restyled EQ tab
- EQable pink noise in EQ tab (requested by listener)
- Added the ability to upload your own test track to EQ (requested by rollo)
- Added a button to disable and enable all EQ bands (requested by SK)
- Tone generator now EQable (requested by SK)
- Added a Channel balance slider
- Added a song progress slider to the EQ demo section (requested by XiaoShe)
- Added Ear Gain customisation to custom tilt (requested by listener)
- Made any target tiltable (requested by listener)
- Added Treble customisation to custom tilt (requested by listener)
- Added a button to swap between different y-axis scales (requested by rollo)
- Added Preference Bounds and Preference Bound scaling (requested by listener)


# TODO
- Implement a way to measure the SPL of an IEM and decide whether to upload it or not, skipping REW
  - ability to select which mic/output to use
  - ability to select calibration files
  - ability to apply smoothing
- Trace Arithmetic
- Realtime Analysis

# P.S.
- If you do implement code in here, do leave credits to the original author (me) and the contributors (Rohsa, MRS)

Commit message:

- Update.
This should rebase the project to Haruto's latest.

README.md, after:

# Demo Page
https://graphtool-demo.harutohiroki.com/

# Changes
- Added Equalizer (cred to Rohsa)
- Added Uploads
- Added Targets
- Added Website link on graph (cred to MRS)
- Re-themed graph window
- Re-done Frequency Range definitions
- Changed parser to universal parser
- Removed Restricted mode (cuz I want to keep it free)
- Reorganised code
- Moved targets to a different folder for organization
- Moved phone_book outside for easier access
- Added a function to average all active graphs (requested by listener)
- Custom Diffuse Field Tilt (requested by listener)
- Restyled EQ tab
- EQable pink noise in EQ tab (requested by listener)
- Added the ability to upload your own test track to EQ (requested by rollo)
- Added a button to disable and enable all EQ bands (requested by SK)
- Tone generator now EQable (requested by SK)
- Added a Channel balance slider
- Added a song progress slider to the EQ demo section (requested by XiaoShe)
- Added Ear Gain customisation to custom tilt (requested by listener)
- Made any target tiltable (requested by listener)
- Added Treble customisation to custom tilt (requested by listener)
- Added a button to swap between different y-axis scales (requested by rollo)
- Added Preference Bounds and Preference Bound scaling (requested by listener)
- Reversed the "any target tiltable" feature, now applying tilt on target automatically if supported (requested by listener)
- Per-measurement compensation (requested by listener)
- Added support for Haruto's Graph Extension to apply eq to browserwide 
- Made Preference Bounds better and not relying on a png anymore


# TODO
- Implement a way to measure the SPL of an IEM and decide whether to upload it or not, skipping REW
  - ability to select which mic/output to use
  - ability to select calibration files
  - ability to apply smoothing
- Trace Arithmetic
- Realtime Analysis

# P.S.
- If you do implement code in here, do leave credits to the original author (me) and the contributors (Rohsa, MRS)
